---
id: 51
title: Jardin
date: 2008-04-08T22:58:00+00:00
author: dvj
layout: post
guid: http://dvjohnston.wordpress.com/2008/04/08/jardin/
permalink: /jardin/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
Living in SF, I have to count myself lucky that I have a sizable backyard. Unfortunatley, it has consisted mostly of a waist high grass savanna along with a shrub lemon tree and a Cactus-Thing. The Housemates and I collectively decided that we should turn the area into a vegetable and herb garden.
  
, Brendan and I tore up the entire backyard and turned over the soil to make 4 beds of soil, along with a square flower bed right next to the house on the patio.

My room has become an incubator center for all varieties of tomatoes, squash, zucchini, chard, spinich, green beans, onions, carrots, basil, rosemary, thyme, and likely a few other greenaries that escape me. 

I remember back in elementary school I grew some sort of a plant from seed, most likely a bean of some sorts. However, the experience clearly didn't sink in as I am amazed at the growth of the little wippersnappers. The green beans are growing 3-4 inches a day. Insanity.

I bought some chicken wire and made a small trellace to support the yearning youngsters. It is still quite cool at night in the city, getting down to the high 40s. All the other guys I am keeping inside, but the grren beans had to go outside to have a decent climbing area. Hopefully this will work out.

I estimate we have about 40-50 little tomato plants coming up. I expect about a thousand little tomatoes in a few months. Stay tuned.