---
id: 52
title: 'Hot MoMA''s'
date: 2008-05-09T22:29:00+00:00
author: dvj
layout: post
guid: http://dvjohnston.wordpress.com/2008/05/09/hot-momas/
permalink: /hot-momas/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
Having lived in SF now for almost a year, and working exactly 3 blocks from the MoMA, I finally made my way there last night for the very first time. I had about 2 hours of exploring before closing, which didn't give me quite enough time to see everything in detail, but did give me a chance to go through all the exhibition halls.

The thing I found most surprising was that most of the exhibitions are rotating &#8211; and on a fairly short time span. Almost the entirety of the three upper floors were mobile exhibits in town for only a couple of months. Some of the installations were massive, and must be quite an undertaking to move to another venue. For eaxample, Peter Wegner's Guillotine of Light/Shade, which is made of 1.4 million pieces of colored paper covering an area of 40&#8242;x15&#8242; by my calculation. I just cant image it being very stable or easy to transport (Sorry, no photos allowed).

The permanent collection on the 2nd floor was interesting, with your nominal collection of Miro, Picasso, Matisse, Jackson Pollock, and random urinals as art; with no stellar pieces in the collection.

I visited the newly revamped NYC MoMA back in December while home for the holidays. I found the NYC exhibitions absolutely fascinating. I could have easily spent much more time than the couple of hectic, pre-New Years hours allowed me. While interesting, nothing in the SF MoMA really captivated me. But in a few months, it will be a completely different experience.

My goal is to get to the Asian Art Museum and the De Young Galleries before the month is through!
