---
id: 55
title: "9"
date: 2008-10-01T19:29:00+00:00
author: dvj
layout: post
guid: http://dvjohnston.wordpress.com/2008/10/01/9/
permalink: /9/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
Guess I missed september too. Oops. I guess I should start posting more day-to-day stuff on here, or else I'll forget to do it all together.

Kat and Elio got married in August and have been looking for a condo in SF to buy since then. A couple weeks ago they found one, and made an offer that was accepted, so they are moving out the 15th of October. I've been looking for roomates, along with Brendan, for a couple weeks now. The nice thing about SF is that everyone uses craigslist. Period. So the only effort I need to make to look for roommates is to write up a nice description, take a couple photos, and post an ad there. I've received well over a hundred responses to the ad. About half of the responses can be screened right away without further inquiry, as they begin:

&#8220;Hi, I'm a student and work as a waitress at this restaurant, I have three cute cats, I only smoke outdoors, and I've been working real hard to get out of debt so I'm responsible&#8221;

&#8220;Hi, I'm 22 and will be moving to SF next week. I've been doing acting in LA and I know I can get a job real soon when I get up there&#8230;&#8221;

&#8220;I like hula hooping and I have a cat who needs to go outside&#8221; (that's an acual one)

The other half get a reply, and if they pass the sniff test, come over to check out the place. We've seen a little over 30 people so far. Out of those, 5 or 6 have been a good enough fit that we would take them. We came close to finalizing things with a few of them, but things fell through for various reasons. I think we have two good canidates picked out now though, and we're going to have them over to (hopefully) finalize things.