---
id: 99
title: Sailing
date: 2009-06-20T20:36:13+00:00
author: dvj
layout: post
guid: http://dvjohnston.wordpress.com/?p=99
permalink: /sailing/
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
Last month I finally got around to doing something I've had on my list for the past couple of years: join a sailing club and learn how to sail. Although this has been a goal of mine for some time, it has been more recently spurred on by the maritime interests of both Kris and Lee &#8211; and I figure that I should put myself in a good position if an oppurtunity should come my way to take to the high seas.

In May I Joined the Cal Sailing Club in the Berkeley Marina. This club is outstanding. It's chock full of a lively bunch of characters (to put it mildly), and offers a great experience for budding sailors (like me!). After taking a few lessons over the past month and a half, last week I took a week long sailing class through the club to get the experience neccessary to get my Jr. Skipper qualification. This involved leaving work everyday at 4pm, sailing for 3 hours or so, and then wrapping up every night with a big BBQ, fire, and a few beers. Outstanding. By Wednesday I was able to pass the Skipper test, and took the extra couple days to work on some more advanced maneuvering. 

The Cal Sailing Club has been one of the best finds since I moved into the city a couple years ago. I've now sailed six days in a row, and wouldn't hesitate to go out again tomorrow (even though I won't be &#8211; I'll be kayaking instead). 

Next up &#8211; keelboat training!